Update  builders page with Mautic 4 information (#206)
mautic/mautic-documentation: pages/13.builders/docs.en.md

To use your existing templates with the new Email builder, you will need to add one line to your configuration file in the template folder:

`"builder": ["grapesjsbuilder"],`

If you wish to use the theme in multiple builders, you can use this syntax:

`"builder": ["legacy", "grapesjsbuilder"],`

>>>> NOTE: This syntax changed between Mautic 3.3.* and Mautic 4 to enable support for multiple builders - if you have been testing in the beta phase you will need to update your configuration files, otherwise you will experience a 500 error.

From the 3.3 General Availability release there will be three email templates that support MJML, and also some landing page templates will also be made available in the near future.  

### Themes

> If you search through the list of available themes, `Brienz` and `Paprika` would not be available. To use these two themes, you would need to enable GrapeJS first. After enabling GrapeJS you would be able to access **Brienz** and **Paprika** theme.

Author: ```suggestion
If you search through the list of available themes, the new MJML themes `Brienz`, `Paprika` and `Confirm Me` will not be available until you enable the GrapesJS plugin. 
```
